PREVIOUSLY ON...
DYLAN AND KATHERINE RAISED
THEIR PROFILE
AND ATTRACTED THE ATTENTION
OF AN UNWANTED ADMIRER.
MIKE MADE
A SURPRISING REQUEST...
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN FORGIVE ME?
WHICH BROUGHT ORSON'S GUILT
TO THE SURFACE.
I'M SORRY, MIKE.
OH, YOU'RE SLEEPWALKING.
I'M SORRY I RAN YOU OVER,
MIKE.
GABY WAS LEARNING TO DEAL
WITH CARLOS BEING BLIND...
I'M SORRY FOR WHAT
I'M PUTTING YOU THROUGH.
IF IT FOR ANYONE BUT YOU,
IT WOULDN'T BE WORTH IT.
AND LYNETTE WORRIED...
IT'S RICK'S PLACE--
TOTALLY WENT UP IN FLAMES.
THAT JEALOUSY COULD DRIVE TOM
TO AN ACT OF VIOLENCE.
(Mary Alice) THE THING YOU HAVE
TO KNOW ABOUT LYNETTE SCAVO
IS THAT SHE HAD ALWAYS TRUSTED
HER HUSBAND TOM,
MOSTLY BECAUSE SHE COULD
ALWAYS TELL WHEN HE WAS LYING.
SOMETIMES HE WOULD ASK HER
TO REPEAT THE QUESTION...
DID I EAT... YOUR ICE CREAM?
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE ASKING?
OR HE WOULD USE ODD WORDS
HE HAD NEVER USED BEFORE...
OH, I THINK IT LOOKS...
SPIFFY.
OR HIS VOICE
WOULD GET HIGHER...
I GUESS SHE'S PRETTY.
I MEAN... (squeaky voice)
I DIDN'T REALLY NOTICE.
(gas hisses)
CLEARLY, TOM SCAVO WAS
AT A DISTINCT DISADVANTAGE
WHEN LYING TO HIS WIFE.
AND ON THIS PARTICULAR MORNING,
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT LYNETTE...
WAS COUNTING ON.
(knob clicks, gas hisses)
WHATCHA DOING?
I AM JONESING
FOR A CUP OF COFFEE,
BUT THE STUPID BURNER
IS ACTING UP AGAIN.
NEED A LITTLE CAFFEINE FIX?
BIG-TIME.
TOO MUCH BOOZE LAST NIGHT.
I'M REALLY DRAGGIN'. (chuckles)
THE OPEN BAR IS
NO LONGER YOUR FRIEND, HUH?
GUESS NOT.
BUTTHEY WERE POURING
TOP-SHELF STUFF,
AND I COULDN'T RESIST.
IS THAT WHERE YOU WERE DURING
BREE'S ACCEPTANCE SPEECH--
DOING FREE SHOTS AT THE BAR?
NO.
UH, I THINK THAT'S WHEN
I SNUCK OUT TO THE CAR
TO LISTEN TO THE GAME.
YOU GO ALONE?
WELL, I WOULD'VE
INVITED CARLOS, EXCEPT...
OBVIOUSLY, HE CAN'T REALLY
SNEAK AROUND ANYMORE, SO...
(chuckles) YEAH.
I WAS THINKIN',
IF ANYONE ASKS
ABOUT THAT FIRE AT RICK'S,
IT'D BE GOOD
IF YOU HAD SOMEONE
TO ACCOUNT
FOR WHERE YOU WERE.
WHY WOULD IT MATTER? (chuckles)
I DIDN'T START THE FIRE.
RIGHT, RIGHT.
IT'S JUST...
IF ANYONETHINKSYOU DID,
IT'D BE HANDY IF YOU COULD
PROVE THEM WRONG, WOULDN'T IT?
(shuts drawer)
YOU THINK I DID IT.
NO.
ONE STUPID BRICK,
AND NOW I'M AN ARSONIST?
NO, NO. OF COURSE NOT.
IT'S JUST,
IF THE POLICE CAME HERE
TO ASK US ABOUT THE BRICK,
THEY'RE PROBABLY GONNA
ASKUSABOUT THE FIRE,
SO YOU MIGHT
WANNA BE READY.
LISTEN TO ME, LYNETTE.
AS MAD AS I HAVE BEEN
AT RICK,
I HAD ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
TO DO WITH THIS FIRE.
WE'RE FINE.
OKAY.
GOOD. (chuckles)
UH-HUH.
LYNETTE SCAVO
HAD ALWAYS TRUSTED HER HUSBAND.
SHE HAD NO IDEA THAT TRUST...
WAS ABOUT TO GO UP IN FLAMES.
EVERYONE BREAKS THE RULES
NOW AND AGAIN,
AND WHEN THEY DO,
THEY ALWAYS HAVE AN EXCUSE...
LIKE THE NEIGHBOR WHOSE
OWN TRASH WAS ALREADY FULL...
OR THE BLONDE WHO FORGOT
TO EAT HER BREAKFAST...
OR THE EMPLOYEE WHO NEEDED
AN ADVANCE ON HIS SALARY...
(shuts register drawer)
IT'S TRUE--
EVERYONE HAS A REASON
FOR NOT FOLLOWING THE RULES...
(siren wails)
EVEN THE PEOPLE
WHO ARE MEANT TO ENFORCE THEM.
LICENSE AND REGISTRATION,
PLEASE.
WELL, WHAT DID I DO?
I WASN'T SPEEDING.
THERE'S A CONSTRUCTION ZONE BACK
THERE. YOU FAILED TO SLOW DOWN.
ARE YOU SURE? I DIDN'T
SEE A SIGN OR ANYTHING.
YOU WANNA STEP OUT
OF THE CAR, PLEASE?
YOU'RE NOT GONNA GIVE ME
A TICKET, ARE YOU?
MY MOM WILL KILL ME.
WHERE DO YOU GO TO SCHOOL?
FAIRVIEW HIGH.
PRETTY NECKLACE.
OH, THANKS.
LISTEN, I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT THE CONSTRUCTION ZONE.
I WOULD HAVE SLOWED DOWN
IF I HAD SEEN THE SIGN, I SWEAR.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL LET YOU GO
WITH A WARNING.
JUST PAY MORE ATTENTION
NEXT TIME, OKAY?
THANK YOU. THAT'S VERY NICE
OF YOU. THANK YOU.
(engine starts)
(sighs)
THAT'S EVERYTHING,
I GUESS.
WELL, IF YOU FORGOT SOMETHING,
YOU CAN JUST COME BACK FOR IT,
OR... YOU COULD JUST
NOT LEAVE.
OH, THAT'S SO SWEET,
BUT...
(grunts) OUR HOUSE
IS LIVABLE AGAIN--
THE DOWNSTAIRS ANYWAY--
AND WE HAVE IMPOSED
LONG ENOUGH.
BESIDES, MIKE IS
COMING HOME TONIGHT,
AND YOU'RE GONNA NEED
THE HOUSE TO YOURSELVES.
WELL, BEFORE YOU GO,
I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT,
UM...
(voice breaks) HAVING YOU HERE
THESE LAST FEW WEEKS--
SUSAN, I'M JUST GOING
ACROSS THE STREET.
THERE'S NO NEED TO ACT
LIKE A SILENT MOVIE HEROINE.
(crying) I KNOW.
I JUST... I CAN'T STOP NOW.
I BROKE THE SEAL.
WELL, UM,
AS MUCH AS I APPRECIATE
THIS NAKED DISPLAY
OF EMOTION,
YOU KNOW HOW THIS SORT OF THING
MAKES ME UNCOMFORTABLE.
I CAN'T HELP IT.
MY HORMONES
ARE IN OVERDRIVE.
DIDN'T YOU GET THAT WAY
WHEN YOU WERE PREGNANT?
NO. NEVER.
REALLY? NOT EVEN WHEN
YOU HEARD AN ACOUSTIC GUITAR?
NO. NEVER.
OH, I JUST CAN'T
CONTROL MYSELF LIKE THAT.
OH, SURE, YOU CAN.
WHENEVER I FEEL MY EMOTIONS
GETTING THE BEST OF ME,
I SIMPLY PICTURE
AN EMPTY BOX,
AND I TAKE WHATEVER I'M FEELING
AND PUT THATINTHE BOX,
AND THEN I PICTURE MYSELF
PUTTING THE BOX AWAY
IN A BIG, EMPTY CLOSET
AND CLOSING THE DOOR.
THEN IF I HAVE TIME,
I GO BACK AND OPEN THE BOX
AND DEAL
WITH THE EMOTION...
IN PRIVATE, LIKE A LADY.
THANKS.
I'M GONNA TRY THAT.
(sniffles)
SO YOU DON'T THINK
I ACT LIKE A LADY?
(gasps)
PROVE ME WRONG, SWEETIE.
PROVE ME WRONG.
ALL RIGHT.
COME ON, GIRL.
OKAY, CARLOS,
HERE'S THE HARNESS.
THERE YOU ARE!
OH, YOU MUST BE ROXY!
AREN'T YOU THE CUTEST THING!
OH!
OKAY, NOT TOO CLOSE.
IT'S SILK.
GABY, THIS IS STEVE.
HE'S THE HEAD TRAINER
AT THE DOG SCHOOL.
AH, NICE TO MEET YOU.
CARLOS TOLD ME
HOW MUCH HE ENJOYED
TAKING CLASSES WITH ROXY.
WELL, THEY MAKE A GREAT TEAM.
WELL, I HAVE GOT
A MILLION QUESTIONS
ABOUT
THIS LITTLE LIFESAVER HERE.
OKAY, SHOOT.
OKAY,
HYPOTHETICAL SITUATION--
CARLOS AND I ARE
SITTING ON THE COUCH.
I'M DOING MY NAILS.
HE'S WHINING FOR THE REMOTE.
HOW DO I GET ROXY
TO FETCH IT FOR HIM?
(laughs)
SHE'S SERIOUS.
OH. ROXY DOESN'T DO THAT.
UM, HER JOB IS TO GET CARLOS
FROM POINT "A" TO POINT "B"
AS SAFELY AS POSSIBLE.
I GET THAT, BUT SURELY
SHE'S TRAINED TO DO OTHER STUFF,
YOU KNOW, LIKE FIND HIS KEYS
OR TURN OFF THE RADIO
OR LICK UP HIS SPILLS.
YEAH, AND AFTER THAT,
SHE CAN GO SOLVE CRIMES
WITH SHAGGY AND THE GANG.
DON'T GIVE ME
YOUR BLIND SARCASM.
I SAW A COLLIE ON TV
WHO COULD PUSH A LAWN MOWER.
DO YOU HAVE ONE OF THOSE?
GABY, ROXY'S FANTASTIC.
REALLY? WELL, FOR A DOG
WHO'S SUPPOSED TO HELP US,
SHE SOUNDS KIND OF LIMITED.
(baby voice)
SORRY, BUT IT'S TRUE.
SHE'S NOT HERE TO HELPUS.
SHE'S HERE TO HELP ME,
WHICH YOU WOULD KNOW
IF YOU HAD BOTHERED TO SHOW UP
TO THE SPOUSES' ORIENTATION.
WELL, I'M SORRY.
I WAS ON MY HANDS AND KNEES
THAT DAY,
SCOURING THE BATHROOM FLOOR
BECAUSE YOU REFUSED
TO PEE LIKE A GIRL.
SO...
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
NO, IT'S CRYSTAL CLEAR.
CARLOS GETS
A NEW BEST FRIEND,
AND I GET TO CHECK THE SOFA
FOR TICKS.
YAY FOR GABY!
DID I EXAGGERATE?
ACTUALLY, YOU WERE KIND.
OH, IT FEELS GOOD TO TAKE
A SHOWER IN MY OWN HOUSE.
WHAT YOU DOING?
IN HONOR OF YOU COMING HOME,
WE ARE MAKING
YOUR FAVORITE MEAL--
STEAK AND MASHED POTATOES.
OH, THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
FOR FUTURE REFERENCE,
MY FAVORITE IS
POTATOES AU GRATIN. MMM.
SINCE WHEN?
SINCE ALWAYS.
SINCE I WAS 3. HMM.
YOU COULD SAY "AU GRATIN"
WHEN YOU WERE 3?
OH, IT'S FINE.
SUSAN, MASHED IS GREAT, TOO.
(voice breaks)
IT'S NOT YOUR FAVORITE?
(sniffles)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
EXCUSE ME.
I HAVE TO PUT SOMETHING IN A BOX
AND STICK IT IN THE CLOSET.
HORMONES.
OH. GOT IT.
PRETTY MUCH ANYTHING
SETS HER OFF THESE DAYS.
UH, WHICH IS WHY
I HAVEN'T TOLD HER...
TOLD HER WHAT?
SOMETHING WRONG?
WELL, WHEN BREE AND ORSON
WERE STAYING WITH US,
THIS WEIRD THING HAPPENED.
OH, YEAH. NAKED ORSON?
I HEARD.
MUST HAVE BEEN
QUITE A SHOW.
NO,
THIS WAS THE NEXT NIGHT.
HE WAS SLEEPWALKING,
AND HE SAID
SOMETHING KINDA STRANGE.
BUT LIKE I SAID,
HE WAS ASLEEP,
SO IT'S PROBABLY NOTHING.
JULIE, WHAT'D HE SAY?
HE SAID...
"I'M SORRY I RAN OVER MIKE."
(chuckles) WHAT?
IT'S CRAZY, RIGHT? WHY WOULD
HE SAY SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
HE DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU
WHEN THAT HAPPENED.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S CRAZY.
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT I FIGURED.
OKAY, WELL, I'M GONNA GO CHECK
ON MOM AND MAKE SURE SHE'S OKAY.
WE DON'T NEED ANY MORE DRAMA
IN THIS HOUSE. (chuckles)
YEAH, I AGREE.
HOW'S THE MOVE GOING?
NEED AN EXTRA PAIR OF HANDS?
NO, THANKS.
WE'RE ALMOST DONE.
OKAY, WELL,
I WON'T GET IN YOUR WAY THEN.
LET ME JUST RUN SOMETHING
BY YOU.
I GOT A CALL TODAY
FROM A COUPLE WHO LOVED
OUR WORK ON THE FOUNDER'S BALL.
OH, HOW SWEET.
YES, AND THEY WANT TO HIRE US
TO DO THEIR ANNIVERSARY PARTY.
HIRE US?
BUT WE'RE NOT A BUSINESS.
WE COULD BE.
THINK ABOUT IT.
WE DO THE EXACT SAME THING
WE DID AT THE BALL,
ONLY THIS TIME, WE WALK AWAY
WITH A BIG, FAT CHECK.
KATHERINE,
NEED I REMIND YOU
WE NEARLY CAME TO BLOWS
OVER FLORAL CHOICES?
I THINK
IT'S OURCREATIVEFRICTION
THAT MAKES US A GREAT TEAM.
I THINK
IT'S OUR CREATIVE FRICTION
THAT NEARLY CAUSED ME
TO POISON YOU.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK, BREE,
I'M GONNA BE HONEST WITH YOU.
WITH ADAM OUT OF THE HOUSE,
I REALLY NEED THE MONEY.
I SYMPATHIZE. I DO,
BUT I HAVE A NEW BABY,
AND IT'S REALLY MORE WORK THAN
I CARE TO TAKE ON RIGHT NOW.
I UNDERSTAND.
GUESS I'LL
JUST DO IT MYSELF THEN.
EXCUSE ME?
NOW DID YOU TAKE PICTURES
OF THOSE TABLE SETTINGS
YOU DESIGNED?
I'D LOVE TO GET COPIES.
THE COUPLERAVEDABOUT THEM.
YEAH, SURE.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T
REALLY THINK IT'S FAIR
THAT YOU SHOULD PROFIT
FROM SOMETHING THAT I DESIGNED.
YOU'RE RIGHT. IT WOULD
ONLY BE FAIR IF I ASKED YOU
TO DO THIS WITH ME,
WHICH I DID, AND YOU SAID NO.
SO ON WE GO.
I HOPE YOU DON'T MIND IF I SERVE
YOUR CINNAMON APPLE CRUMBLE.
THAT IS A CHERISHED RECIPE
FROM MY GRANDMOTHER.
WELL,
NOW IT'S A CHERISHED RECIPE
FROM CATERING BY KATHERINE.
OH,
I SEE WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
THIS IS SHAMELESS
EMOTIONAL BLACKMAIL.
AND?
AND...
IT WORKED BEAUTIFULLY.
I'M IN.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
NO MORE DOGGY TREATS.
SHE'S HAD ENOUGH.
BUT SHE'S BEEN SO GOOD.
YEAH? WELL, WHEN SHE LEARNS
HOW TO MAKE GRANITE SPARKLE,
SHE CAN HAVE MORE.
I'M GIVING HER A TREAT.
CARLOS, I SAID NO.
(barks)
(growls)
FINE.ONETREAT.
THAT'S IT.
THOSE THINGS ARE EXPENSIVE,
AND UNTIL YOUR DISABILITY
KICKS IN,
WE HAVE TO TIGHTEN OUR BELTS.
SO I GUESS THAT MEANS
YOU WON'T BE GETTING
YOUR HAIR DONE ANYMORE.
CARLOS, REMEMBER
WHAT MY FINGERS LOOK LIKE?
JUST PICTURE THE MIDDLE ONE
ALL BY ITSELF.
BESIDES, YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO MARRIED ME FOR MY LOOKS.
WELL, I'M BLIND NOW,
SO AS LONG AS YOU
USE DEODORANT, I'M GOOD.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW SELFISH
YOU SOUND RIGHT NOW?
JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE BLIND,
THE WORLD SHOULD SUFFER?
I'M JUST SAYING, YOU KNOW,
$300 VISITS TO MR. FRANCOIS--
CARLOS, I'M GETTING
MY HAIR DONE! END OF DISCUSSION!
(barks)
WHAT ARE YOU BARKING AT?
YOU GOT YOUR DAMN TREAT.
YOU KNOW, IF WE REALLY
WANT TO SAVE MONEY,
YOU COULD CUT DOWN
ON THOSE CUBAN CIGARS.
OR... HERE'S A THOUGHT.
YOU COULD GET A JOB.
WHY DON'T YOU GET A JOB?
DOING WHAT?
PUT FLAGS ON PENCILS
AND SELL THEM AT THE AIRPORT.
WHAT DO I CARE?
JUSTGETOUT OF MY KITCHEN.
(growling)
WHOA. WHAT IS THIS ABOUT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS SHE DOESN'T LIKE IT
WHEN YOU SMACK ME.
OH, SO NOW I CAN'T HIT
MY OWN HUSBAND IN MY OWN HOUSE?
LOOK, WE CAN CUT CORNERS
ALL YOU WANT,
BUT I AM NOT GONNA SKIMP WHEN
IT COMES TO MY DOG. ROXY, COME.
(growls)
HEY, NEIGHBOR.
OH, MIKE. HEY.
WELCOME BACK.
YOU'RE LOOKING WELL.
YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW ME.
INDESTRUCTIBLE.
YEAH.
WHAT YOU LOOKING FOR?
A HAMMER. WE'RE PUTTING
SOME OF THE PICTURES BACK UP.
THIS IT?
THANKS, BUDDY.
YOU GOT A MINUTE?
UH, ACTUALLY,
UH, BREE'S WAITING--
WAITING FOR ME.
YOU SAID SOMETHING TO JULIE
WHEN YOU WERE SLEEPWALKING.
I DID?
YEAH, AND I NEED YOU
TO CLEAR IT UP.
ARE YOU THE GUY
THAT RAN ME OVER?
(scoffs) MIKE...
(whispers) I'M SO SORRY.
I'M SO... (mutters)
(sniffling)
NO WAY.
THAT MUTT IS
NOT SLEEPING IN OUR BED!
SHE'S CLEAN. IT'S OKAY.
NO. NO, IT'S NOT.
I READ THE PAMPHLET STEVE LEFT.
THESE DOGS ARE
NOT ALLOWED ON FURNITURE.
I KNOW. I...
I JUST THINK IT'S GOOD FOR A DOG
TO SLEEP WITH ITS MASTER.
IT HELPS US BOND.
WELL, IF YOU EVER WANT
TO BOND WITH MY BOOBS AGAIN,
YOU'LL GET HER OFF!
(growls)
YOU'RE BEING SELFISH. WE CAN
PUT HER AT THE FOOT OF THE BED.
CARLOS, NO!
(barks and growls)
SHE DOESN'T LIKE IT
WHEN YOU YELL AT ME, REMEMBER?
(continues growling)
YOU'RE RIGHT, BABY.
I'M SORRY.
(lowers voice)
LET ME TRY IT THIS WAY.
(calmly) YOU LISTEN TO ME,
YOU BLIND SON OF A BITCH.
IF YOU DON'T GET THIS MANGY,
6-NIPPLED, CUJO WANNABE
OFF MY SATIN SHEETS,
YOU WON'T JUST NEED A DOG
TO GET AROUND.
YOU'LL NEED
A MOTORIZED WHEELCHAIR
THAT YOU STEER
WITH YOUR TONGUE.
REALLY?
CARLOS, I MEAN IT.
WHO'S IT GONNA BE--
ME OR THE DOG?
(sighs)
MATERNITY LINGERIE--
YEAH, RIGHT.
WHY DON'T THEY JUST CALL IT
WHAT IT REALLY IS?
A PUP TENT TO HIDE
YOUR STRETCH MARKS.
OH, ACTUALLY, IF IT'S OKAY,
I'M REALLY NOT IN THE MOOD
RIGHT NOW. I'M SORRY.
I UNDERSTAND.
THANKS.
YOU JUST DON'T WANT
TO BE CRUSHED
UNDER THE WEIGHT
OF A REPULSIVE COW.
THAT IS NOT IT.
NO, I GET IT. (sighs)
REALLY,
I KNEW THIS DAY WAS COMING.
I JUST DIDN'T KNOW IT WOULD BE
A DAY WHEN I WAS SO HORNY.
(shoes hit floor)
HONEY, I STILL FIND YOU
INCREDIBLY SEXY.
IT'S ME. I...
I JUST GOT A LOT
ON MY MIND RIGHT NOW.
OH. WHAT'S GOING ON?
(sighs)
I FOUND OUT SOMETHING
TODAY.
I DIDN'T WANT TO TELL YOU,
BUT...
WELL,
YOU CAN TELL ME ANYTHING.
THAT'S WHAT WE TALKED ABOUT
IN ALL THOSE SESSIONS
WITH THE DOCTOR.
(sighs)
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT IF I TELL YOU,
YOU HAVE TO PROMISE TO LET ME
HANDLE THIS MY OWN WAY.
(rapping at door)
WHO COULD THAT BE
AT THIS HOUR?
(pounding on door)
SUSAN.
(pounding continues)
WHAT ON EARTH?
YOUARE NEVER TO COME
NEAR MY FAMILY EVER AGAIN!
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
DO YOU HEAR ME, ORSON?!
DAMN IT. SUSAN, I--
I TOLD YOU
TO LET ME HANDLE THIS.
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SO YOU DON'T KNOW THAT
YOUR HUSBAND TRIED TO KILL MIKE?
WHAT?
LOOK, I EXPLAINED THIS
TO MIKE.
I PANICKED.
I WAS TRYING--
TRYING TO PROTECT YOUR MOTHER?
I KNOW. WHO CARES?
YOUDROVE THE CAR,
YOURAN HIM OVER,
ANDYOULEFT HIM FOR DEAD!
SUSAN, LET'S GO.
AND THE WORST PART...
ALL THIS TIME,
YOU PRETENDED TO BE OUR FRIEND.
(front door shuts)
IF THERE WAS ONE THING
GABRIELLE SOLIS
WOULD NOT TOLERATE,
IT WAS A RIVAL,
WHETHER SHE WALKED
ON TWO LEGS...
OR FOUR.
SO WHEN GABRIELLE CREPT
INTO HER BEDROOM THAT MORNING,
SHE'D MADE UP HER MIND...
(growls)
THE BITCH HAD TO GO.
(whispers) ROXY...
(singsong voice)
LOOK WHAT I'VE GOT.
(whines)
COME ON. COME ON.
OH.
YES.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
(barking)
LET'S GO, ROXY.
LET'S GO, ROXY. LET'S GO.
(grunts)
LET'S GOINTHE CAR.
(sighs)
HEY THERE, DYLAN.
DON'T YOU REMEMBER ME?
I'M THE COP WHODIDN'TGIVE YOU
A TICKET YESTERDAY.
UM, YEAH, I REMEMBER.
(dog barking in distance)
WOULD IT BE OKAY
IF I SAT DOWN?
I JUST WANT TO HAVE
A LITTLE CHAT WITH YOU.
WHY?
DON'T WORRY.
YOU'RE NOT IN TROUBLE.
ACTUALLY, I CAN'T STAY.
I'M MEETING MY FRIEND JULIE
AT THE MALL, SO I--
LOOK, I'M--I'M NOT TRYING
TO SCARE YOU. I JUST...
I JUST WANT TO TALK.
TALK ABOUT WHAT?
HOW'S YOUR MOM DOING?
YOU KNOW MY MOM?
OH, YEAH.
LOOK,
A COUPLE OF DAYS AGO,
I SAW A PICTURE OF YOU
AND KATHY IN THE PAPER,
AND I DID A BACKGROUND CHECK,
AND I FOUND OUT
THAT YOU'RE LIVING
BACK AT YOUR AUNT'S PLACE.
WHEN YOU LEFT YESTERDAY,
I WAS PARKED DOWN THE STREET.
YOU FOLLOWED ME?
SO WHEN YOU PULLED ME OVER,
THAT WAS--
I LIED TO YOU.
YOU WEREN'T SPEEDING.
I'M SORRY.
(sighs)
I JUST HAD TO MEET YOU.
WHOAREYOU?
I'M WAYNE DAVIS.
I'M YOUR FATHER.
OH, ROXY, THIS WAY.
(Steve) UM, EXCUSE ME
FOR A SECOND.
UH, MRS. SOLIS,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
HI.
UH, I'M BRINGING ROXY BACK.
UH, WHAT?
SHAME, ISN'T IT?
I MEAN,IPERSONALLY ADORED
THE LITTLE ANGEL,
BUT SHE AND CARLOS
JUST DID NOT GET ALONG.
REALLY?
WELL, SORRY IT DIDN'T WORK OUT.
I GOTTA RUN.
(whimpers)
UH, TELL CARLOS I'LL CALL HIM
ABOUT ANOTHER DOG.
OH, WELL, ACTUALLY,
WE FOUND ONE.
FROM WHERE? WE'RE THE ONLY
GUIDE DOG SCHOOL IN THE AREA.
WELL, THAT'S IT.
IT'S NOT A DOG.
WE GOT HIM
A SEEING... EYE... MONKEY.
HE'S AMAZING.
(chuckles)
NOT ONLY CAN HE CALL 9-1-1,
HE CAN TOAST A BAGEL.
BYE.
(growls)
(engine starts)
ROXY, WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED
BACK THERE?
(barking)
UHH! ROXY!
ROXY! ROXY, STOP!
(continues barking)
(door shuts)
GABY, WHERE WERE YOU?
WHERE'S ROXY?
OH, CARLOS, I'M AFRAID
I HAVE SOME BAD NEWS.
WHAT? WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL, YOU KNOW HOW YOU LIKE IT
WHEN I READ YOU THE BOX SCORES?
WHEN I WENT OUT
TO GET THE PAPER--
ONLY THINKING
OF MAKING YOU HAPPY--
GABY, WHERE'S MY DOG?
SHE RAN AWAY.
WHEN I OPENED THE DOOR, SHE SAW
A SQUIRREL, AND SHE TOOK OFF.
SHE'S GONE?
WELL, YOU GOTTA GO FIND HER.
WHERE DO YOU THINK I'VE BEEN?
THERE'S NO SIGN OF HER ANYWHERE.
YEAH, I'M SURE YOU LOOKED
REALLY, REALLY HARD.
HOW DARE YOU. I HAVE LOOKED FROM
ONE END OF TOWN TO THE OTHER,
AND I'M TELLING YOU,
SHE'S NOWHERE TO BE FOUND.
(whines)
BUT SINCE YOU LOVE HER SO MUCH,
I'M GONNA KEEP LOOKING.
(barks)
WAS THAT ROXY?
I'M NOT SURE.
WHY DON'T I GO LOOK?
HUH. NO. OH, WOW.
IT'S THE SCAVO DOG...
WAYDOWN IN THEIR YARD.
I GUESS IT'S TRUE--
LOSE ONE SENSE,
ALL THE OTHERS GET HEIGHTENED.
(cell phone rings)
OKAY, YOU GET THAT.
I'M GONNA GO FIND YOUR DOG.
(ring)
COME ON, YOU STUPID MUTT.
(groans)
GABY, YOU STILL HERE?
YEAH,
STILL NO SIGN OF ROXY.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I'M ON THE CASE.
HEY.
THAT WAS STEVE
FROM THE GUIDE DOG PLACE.
YOU WANT A PIECE OF PIE
OR SOMETHIN'?
YEAH, I'M NOT HUNGRY EITHER.
(sighs)
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY TO YOU.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO SAY ANYTHING.
(chuckles) I'M HAVING
A GOOD TIME JUST LOOKING AT YOU.
YOU HAVE MY NOSE.
(chuckles)
BET YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT,
RIGHT?
MY MOM SAYS WE LEFT
BECAUSE YOU USED TO BEAT HER.
IS THAT TRUE?
YEAH,
I HIT HER A COUPLE TIMES.
SO YOU ADMIT IT?
WHAT, DID YOU THINK
I WAS GONNA LIE AND TELL YOU
THAT I WAS A GREAT HUSBAND?
'CAUSE I WASN'T.
BUT YOU GOTTA KNOW, THERE'S
TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY,
AND I SWEAR TO GOD, YOUR MOM
GAVE AS GOOD AS SHE GOT.
(scoffs) I MEAN,
YOU BELIEVE ME, RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS WAS A MISTAKE.
I SHOULD GO.
GO? WE JUST GOT HERE.
LOOK, I DIDN'T TRACK YOU DOWN
TO CAUSE ANY PROBLEMS.
I ONLY WANTED TO MAKE SURE THAT
YOUR MOM RAISED YOU PROPERLY,
AND NOW I SEE THAT SHE DID.
I MEAN, YOU'RE...
YOU'RE SPECTACULAR.
THAT'S WHAT I NEEDED...
(sighs)
TO KNOW THAT YOU'RE OKAY
AND...
THAT A LITTLE PART OF YOU
LOOKS JUST LIKE ME.
HOW CAN YOU JUST WALK AWAY?
'CAUSE I'M NOT THE SAME JERK
I USED TO BE.
SURE, I'D LIKE TO HAVE
A RELATIONSHIP WITHYOU,
BUT IF YOUR MOM
IS STILL SCARED OF ME
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS,
UH...
NO.
I DON'T WANT
TO UPSET HER AGAIN.
I DON'T HAVE TO TELL HER.
WHAT?
SHE DOESN'T HAVE TO KNOW
THAT I SAW YOU.
OH, THAT'S...
I DON'T KNOW ABOUTTHAT.
IT'S JUST THAT I HAVE
SO MANY QUESTIONS, AND...
I DON'T THINK
WE'D BE HURTING ANYBODY
IF WE JUST SAT
AND TALKED FOR A WHILE.
AND WE'D KEEP THIS
FROM YOUR MOM?
SURE.
WELL...
OKAY. (chuckles)
DARLIN', BRING ME BACK
THAT DESSERT MENU.
I WANNA HAVE A SLICE OF PIE
WITH MY DAUGHTER.
UH, I THINK WE MIGHT
BE OUT OF CANDLES.
I DON'T THINK SO.
CHECK UNDER THE BAR.
RICK.
HOW'S IT GOIN'?
"HOW'S IT GOIN'"?
IT'S GOIN' PRETTY BAD.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY--
SORRY FOR YOUR TROUBLES.
OH, THAT'S TOUCHING, MAN.
THANKS.
SO DID YOU JUST COME HERE
TO BUST MY HUMP,
OR IS THERE SOMETHING
I CAN HELP YOU WITH?
ACTUALLY, YOUCANHELP ME.
YOU CAN HELP ME FIGURE OUT
WHAT THE HELL THESE WERE DOING
BY THE BACK DOOR
OF MY TORCHED RESTAURANT.
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
(matchbook hits floor)
(chuckles)
SO THAT'S HOW
YOU'RE GONNA PLAY THIS?
UH, NO CANDLES HERE.
I'M--I'M GONNA GO CHECK
IN THE BACK.
GREAT.
LOOK, I CAN SEE YOU'RE UPSET,
PAL,
BUT I'M NOT THE GUY
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
(Rick)
YOU KNOW I RESPECT YOU...
HEY, ANDREW.
WHAT DO YOU NEED?
UH, I'M LOOKING FOR CANDLES,
AND--AND THAT GUY RICK'S
HERE.
(loud clatter, glass shatters)
(grunting)
OH, MY GOD!
STOP IT!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
STOP. HEY, EASY. EASY.
JUST STOP IT!
OH!
UHH!
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
(grunts)
OW!
ANDREW, DO SOMETHING!
DO SOMETHING!
(grunts)
STOP IT! STOP!
OH, FOR GOD SAKES,
WHAT IS THE MATTER WITH YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU, 12 YEARS OLD?
STOP IT.
JEEZ.
(grunts)
(gasps)
(crash)
(glass shatters)
(beeps)
(siren wailing in distance)
(telephone ringing)
(door opens and shuts)
SO WHEN ARE YOU GUYS GONNA
FINISH GRILLING MY HUSBAND?
IT WON'T BE MUCH LONGER,
MA'AM.
(sighs)
YOU KNOW, IN SPITE OF
EVERYTHING THAT'S HAPPENED,
IT'S REALLY GOOD
TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
IT MAKES ME REALIZE
HOW MUCH I MISS YOU.
IF YOU INSIST
ON QUESTIONING MY HUSBAND
ABOUT A CRIME HE DIDN'T COMMIT,
YOU SHOULD AT LEAST
HAVE ALL THE FACTS.
OKAY.
YOU'VE GOT MY ATTENTION.
WELL, FOR STARTERS,
MR. COLETTI
OPENED HIS RESTAURANT
TO GET BACK AT ME
BECAUSE I WOULDN'T
HAVE AN AFFAIR WITH HIM.
HONEY.
OH, SO YOU'RE SAYING
YOUR HUSBAND HADTWOMOTIVES
FOR SETTING THE FIRE?
NO. I AM SAYING THAT IF ANYONE
HAD AN AX TO GRIND, IT'S RICK.
MAYBE HE SET THE FIRE HIMSELF
SO HE COULD BLAME MY HUSBAND.
I WAS AT THE GYM.
YOU CAN CALL MY TRAINER.
AND TOM WAS AT
THE FOUNDER'S BALL WITH ME.
WE HAVE WITNESSES THAT SAY
HE DISAPPEARED FOR A WHILE.
I TOLD YOU,
I WAS IN THE CAR
LISTENING
TO THE BASKETBALL GAME.
THAT'S TRUE. I SAW HIM.
I WAS MAD THAT HE DITCHED ME,
SO I WENT TO DRAG HIS ASS
BACK INSIDE.
BUT WHEN I SAW HIM
SHOUTING AT THE RADIO,
I DECIDED I'LL JUST WAIT
AND MAKE HIS LIFE MISERABLE
WHEN WE GET HOME.
SO UNLESS THERE'S ALAW
AGAINST CHOOSING LeBRON JAMES
OVER YOUR WIFE,
I THINK WE'RE DONE HERE.
ALL RIGHT.
SO THAT'S IT?
Y-YOU'RE JUST GONNA LET HIM GO?
LOOK, WE DON'T HAVE ENOUGH
EVIDENCE TO HOLD HIM, SIR.
BECAUSE HIS WIFE
PROVIDED HIM AN ALIBI?
COME ON, MAN.
RICK, LOOK.
YOU KNOW ME.
IF TOM HAD DONE
SOMETHING LIKE THIS,
DO YOU REALLY THINK
I WOULD PROTECT HIM?
FINE.
(shuts car door)
TO MAKE UP THAT STORY FOR ME.
YOU KNOW, YOU DIDN'T HAVE
DIDN'T I?
'CAUSE IT KINDA SEEMED
LIKE THEY HAD YOU
AGAINST THE ROPES IN THERE.
WELL, THAT WOULD ONLY BE
A PROBLEM IF I WERE GUILTY,
AND CLEARLY, I'M NOT, RIGHT?
GOD, YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME,
DO YOU?
SURE, I DO.
IT MUST'VE BEEN
SOME OTHER RANDOM MANIAC
WITH A GRUDGE AGAINST RICK
WHO BURNED DOWN HIS RESTAURANT.
SO YOU'RE CALLING ME A LIAR?
THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
YOU'RE SAYING I LIED.
WELL, IT WOULDN'T BE
THE FIRST TIME.
YOU LIED ABOUT THE BRICK,
AND YOU WERE PRETTY SMOOTH, TOO.
HELL,IBOUGHT IT.
YEAH, JUST LIKE
I BOUGHT YOUR STORY
ABOUT NEVER SLEEPING
WITH RICK.
EXCUSE ME?
"OH, LOOK AT ME, RICK.
YOU KNOW ME, RICK."
OKAY.
GOD, I FELT LIKE TELLING
YOU GUYS TO GET A ROOM.
OKAY, YOU ARE ANGRY,
SO I'M GONNA LET THAT ONE PASS,
AND I'M GONNA SAY THIS
FOR THEVERY LAST TIME.
(emphatically) NOTHING HAPPENED
BETWEEN ME AND RICK.
OKAY.
(emphatically)
I DIDN'T SET THAT FIRE.
YOU SEE?
I CAN TALK SLOW, TOO.
(sighs)
CARLOS ASKED ME TO PICK UP
SOME DOGGY TREATS FOR ROXY.
HE CALLEDYOU?
WHY DIDN'T HE ASK ME?
OH, I THINK YOU WERE BUSY
AT THE TIME...
KIDNAPPING HIS GUIDE DOG.
(chuckles)
CLASSY, BY THE WAY.
DON'T JUDGE ME.
YOU DON'T KNOW
THIS HOUND FROM HELL.
I RAISE MY VOICE ATEENSYBIT,
AND SHE BARKS,
OR I GIVE CARLOS A LITTLE SMACK,
AND SHE GROWLS.
WELL, I HAVE AN IDEA.
WHY DON'T YOUNOT
DO THOSE THINGS?
THANKS FOR THE BISCUITS,
EDIE.
NO, I'M SERIOUS.
THERE WAS ALWAYS
A CERTAIN... SICK CHARM
TO THE WAY
YOU USED TO ABUSE CARLOS.
BUT NOW THAT HE'S BLIND,
IT'S JUSTSICK.
WE'RE FINE. THIS IS WHO WE ARE.
THIS IS OUR RELATIONSHIP.
WELL, YOUR RELATIONSHIP
HAS TO CHANGE, GABY,
BECAUSEHE'SCHANGED.
NOT THAT MUCH.
JUST HIS EYES.
MM, NO.
I KNOW CARLOS. HE'S PROUD.
HE'S GONNA PRETEND THAT HE CAN
STILL GO TOE-TO-TOE WITH YOU
AS IF HE WAS THE SAME MAN
THAT HE ALWAYS WAS.
BUT HE'S NOT,
AND HE WILL NEVER ADMIT THAT.
(scoffs) ARE YOU DONE
WITH YOUR ARMCHAIR ANALYSIS,
3-DIVORCE ANNIE?
SURE. BUT IF YOU'RE NOT
GONNA TREAT CARLOS RIGHT,
THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER WOMEN
OUT THERE WHO WILL.
I THINK I PROVED THAT.
(door shuts)
WHY DON'T
YOU COME INSIDE?
I CAN'T COME OUT MY FRONT DOOR
EVERY DAY AND SEE THAT MAN.
WE HAVE TO MOVE.
(chuckles)
OH. (grunts)
SUSAN...
I KNOW THIS IS DIFFICULT,
BUT BEFORE YOU START
PUTTING UP "FOR SALE" SIGNS,
LET'S JUST TAKE A STEP BACK.
TAKE A STEP BACK FROM WHAT?
HE TRIED TO MURDER YOU.
I KNOW WHAT ORSON DID
WAS HORRIBLE, BUT...
I'VE DECIDED
TO FORGIVE HIM.
HOW CAN YOU DO THAT?
HE PUT YOU IN A COMA.
I SAT THERE DAY AFTER DAY,
WONDERING IF YOU WERE
GONNA LIVE.
AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED,
ORSON CAN GO TO HELL.
WELL, I'VE TALKED TO HIM.
TRUST ME,
HE'S ALREADY BEEN THERE.
WELL, THAT'S NOT ENOUGH.
HE SHOULD PAY FOR WHAT HE DID.
HE SHOULD GO TO PRISON.
AND WHAT,
LEAVE BREE WITHOUT A HUSBAND
AND BENJAMIN WITHOUT A DAD?
YOU DON'T WANT THAT.
LOOK...
I'VE DONE SOME PRETTY HORRIBLE
THINGS IN MY LIFE,
BUT YOU FORGAVE ME
BECAUSE YOU KNEW HOW MUCH
I REGRETTED 'EM.
I REALLY BELIEVE
HE'S SORRY FOR WHAT HE DID.
SO NOWIHAVE
TO FORGIVEHIM.
I'VE JUST GOT TO.
BUT...
I ALSO UNDERSTAND
IF YOU CAN'T.
HEY,YOU GUYS KNOW YOU'RE NOT
SUPPOSED TO BE OUT OF BED.
HOW COME DADDY'S
SLEEPING ON THE COUCH AGAIN?
COME HERE.
COME ON.
(pats mattress)
OKAY.
MOMMY AND DADDY
ARE SORT OF... FIGHTING,
BUT WE'RE WORKING THROUGH IT.
WHAT ARE YOU FIGHTING ABOUT?
OH, SOMETHING HE DID
THAT MADE MOMMY REALLY MAD.
CAN WE TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING?
YES, OF COURSE.
THE OTHER DAY
AT THE PIZZA PLACE...
MM-HMM?
WE HEARD DADDY SAY THAT MAN
WANTED TO TAKE YOU AWAY FROM US.
OH, SWEETIE, I AM SO SORRY.
I BET THAT REALLY SCARED YOU,
DIDN'T IT?
YEAH.
SO WHEN YOU WENT
TO THAT PARTY,
WE GOT ON OUR BIKES
AND RODE DOWN TO HIS RESTAURANT.
YOU DID WHAT?
WE JUST WANTED HIM
TO GO AWAY.
THAT'S WHYWESET THE FIRE.
SOPLEASE
DON'T BE MAD AT DADDY.
OH, MY GOD.
(sighs)
MIKE SAYS
I NEED TO FORGIVE ORSON...
SUSAN--
AND HE'S RIGHT.
I HAVE TO FIND A WAY
TO MAKE PEACE WITH ALL OF THIS.
BUT YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND,
IT'S GONNA BE
ONE OF THE HARDEST THINGS
I'VE EVER DONE.
AND LIKE MOST THINGS
IN MY LIFE,
I PROBABLY WON'T DO IT
WITH MUCH ELEGANCE OR GRACE.
SO IF I DON'T COME OVER
TO YOUR HOUSE FOR COFFEE...
(sighs) IF I DON'T SMILE
WHEN THE TWO OF YOU WALK BY,
JUST PLEASE KNOW
THAT I STILL LOVE YOU.
AND AS FOR
FORGIVING ORSON...
JUST BE PATIENT.
I'LL GET THERE.
(whispers)
I THINK IT'S ADMIRABLE
THAT YOU WANNA
FORGIVE ORSON...
BECAUSE I CAN'T.
(car door shuts)
(engine starts)
WHATCHA DOIN'?
WORKING ON THE MENU
FOR THE EVENT
THAT BREE AND I ARE CATERING.
I HAVE TO STOP NOW
TO... (groans) PICK UP
THE INVITATIONS AT THE PRINTER'S
BEFORE THEY CLOSE.
I CAN DO THAT FOR YOU.
IT'S OKAY, SWEETIE.
NO, I WANT TO.
MAYBE I COULD PICK UP SOME
DINNER FOR US ON THE WAY BACK.
YOU KNOW, MRS. HOSKINS' DAUGHTER
BECAME NICE LIKE THIS ONCE...
RIGHT BEFORE SHE BROUGHT HOME
A BOY NAMED SLASH.
(chuckles) I'M BEING NICE
BECAUSE I'VE BEEN
A PAIN LATELY, AND...
WITH ADAM GONE,
WE NEED TO BE A TEAM.
IT'S JUST US NOW.
(sets pen down)
WHAT?
IT'S JUST...
IT'S LIKE YOU TURNED
INTO THIS LOVELY YOUNG WOMAN
WHEN I WASN'T LOOKING.
(engine idling)
HEY.
WE HAVE TO STOP AT THE PRINTER
ON THE WAY TO DINNER.
WHATEVER YOU SAY,
SWEETHEART.
THE TRUTH IS,
EVERYONE BREAKS THE RULES
NOW AND THEN...
WELL, WHAT YOU'VE YOU
BEEN DOING?
NEVER THINKING FOR ONE SECOND
THEY MIGHT GET CAUGHT.
...SOME THINGS DISAPPEAR.
(both chuckle)
LIKE, THAT HAPPENED
TO ME LIKE...
BUT IF THEY DO,
THEY SIMPLY
ASK FOR FORGIVENESS.
AND MOST OF THE TIME,
THEY RECEIVE IT.
BUT SOME ACTS ARE SO WICKED,
THEY DEMAND ONLY
OUR CONDEMNATION.
HOW DO PEOPLE AVOID
SUCH A FATE?
WELL... THE TRICK IS
KNOWINGWHICHRULES
ARE MADE TO BE BROKEN...
AND WHICH RULES...
ARE NOT.